Agenda
Add topic here 05:00 THE REPO IS HAPPENING
Nate has greenlit the community GitHub concept
Planned structure: /recipes, /schemas, /dashboards, /integrations
We have 5 seed contributions ready to go on launch day
YOUR EXTENSIONS
Walk me through what you've built (email history loader, ChatGPT import, CRM)
How these fit into the repo structure
Your GitHub setup and what's ready to port over
ADMIN ROLE
What it looks like: reviewing PRs, organizing contributions, helping newcomers
Your product management background is exactly right for this
Not heavy coding — more community stewardship + quality control
DISCORD / COMMUNITY CHANNEL
Love your idea for a contributor Discord
How it complements the GitHub (real-time help vs. durable contributions)
TIMELINE & NEXT STEPS
Heartbeat article is being finalized this week
Team standup Thursday March 12 — I can bring your input
Goal: repo live when the article publishes



[data-radix-scroll-area-viewport]{scrollbar-width:none;-ms-overflow-style:none;-webkit-overflow-scrolling:touch;}[data-radix-scroll-area-viewport]::-webkit-scrollbar{display:none}MMatt Hallett00:03This meeting is being recorded. JJonathan Edwards00:08All right, we have Matt's notetaker. What's up Matt's notet? How many note takers you got? It kind of reminds me, I need to go and cancel my otter AI. MMatt Hallett02:20One second. JJonathan Edwards02:22Oh no problem. Take your time. MMatt Hallett02:24How you doing? John. Nice to meet you. JJonathan Edwards02:26I'm doing good. Where are you? Are you in a cockpit? MMatt Hallett02:30It's a car. Yes, but hotspots working and just dropped off the kids and you know, making shit happen while you're running around you. I mean. JJonathan Edwards02:40Fair enough. MMatt Hallett02:42Well, nice to meet you, man. Northeastern Pennsylvania, right? JJonathan Edwards02:45Yeah. Yeah. Right up Wilkes Barry Scranton area. MMatt Hallett02:48Scranton. Love it. That's awesome. I used to, I used to travel over there to the life sciences industry in that neck of the woods. Southeastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and all that stuff. But yeah, Pennsylvania is just a gorgeous state. It's so amazing. JJonathan Edwards03:03Yeah, it really is. MMatt Hallett03:05You can kick out this AI note taker if you don't like them. JJonathan Edwards03:08I don't know. MMatt Hallett03:09Yeah. JJonathan Edwards03:09Oh no, I don't care. I, I, I, I do everything. I just kicked out mine. I have to cancel otter AI. MMatt Hallett03:17Yeah, yeah. I don't like fireflies. I like Fathom. And I'm working on the open brain integration where it just automatically pulls that stuff in. Next. JJonathan Edwards03:26Yeah, yeah, I use the zoom or I, I, I, I let zoom do its own thing because they're doing some pretty cool stuff and really all I need is the transcript my other AIs can process. MMatt Hallett03:38Totally, totally. I love all the production studio, man. That's really cool. That's awesome stuff, man. JJonathan Edwards03:44Yeah, it's a good time. MMatt Hallett03:46Oh, look at that. You've got like a multi camera angle setup. Look at this. That's amazing. JJonathan Edwards03:52Yeah. You know, I have a bunch of old gear so I figured might as well turn it into webcams. So I'm using eighteen thousand dollar webcams, you know. MMatt Hallett04:03That's right. That's right. As a kid I worked on the TV show the Wonder Years in Los Angeles. JJonathan Edwards04:08Oh. MMatt Hallett04:09Seeing all the production lights and production studio stuff reminds me of my, I was like 11 to 13 years old. JJonathan Edwards04:18That's awesome. MMatt Hallett04:19Yeah. So let's talk about open brain, man. That's exciting times. JJonathan Edwards04:23Yeah. MMatt Hallett04:24Yeah. JJonathan Edwards04:24So let me pull that up real quick. So you already have a couple extensions? MMatt Hallett04:40Yeah, I've built a few. Yep. I've built a few. I'm the, I did the Monkey Run ones. They've, they've got a couple stars already. Haven't really promoted them. But yeah, I built the email, historical email. I built historical chat, GPT. Let's get off this beast. Let's tell Sam to take a hike. And I'm also working on kind of a CRM style approach for historical load of like contact and contact relationships. JJonathan Edwards05:14That's, yeah, that's a really important one. I have, I've been experimenting with all kinds of things. I think you've seen some of the stuff I've been doing, but it's, I'm glad I picked out Supabase. So like I built some, I mean it's obvious to like maybe two or three people and I think that you're one of them. But like I built the whole OpenMMatt Hallett05:47Brain and that's so amazing. That's so amazing. That's so great. So great. JJonathan Edwards05:55And I spent just a ton of time trying to make sure that like one, like I wanted to use primitives like a database instead of people trying to do the obsidian thing orMMatt Hallett06:08Do the, I tried that and it was just like. I don't get it. Yeah, I don't get it. JJonathan Edwards06:14And, and what, oh, what's the notion? Notion? Just it's so good, but it's not so good for. MMatt Hallett06:23I know, I know. And you got the vendor lock in on that stuff too, you know, real bad. JJonathan Edwards06:27Yeah. They want you to use their AI. MMatt Hallett06:30Yeah, yeah, totally. Yeah. So did you help, did you do the majority of the original, like the original kind of plan that Nate put out on the, on his substack stuff? Is that kind of what you had a lot of finger in or you just kind of helping him to curate the community? And I don't know how much you were in the original design of some of that stuff. JJonathan Edwards06:48So for Second Brain, I didn't do anything for Open Brain was my critique of Second Brain. Okay. And so yeah, I built it, I tested it. The, the whole team, Nate's whole team runs on a very similar, like I, I, I built something called Content Master Pro, which Nate's whole team runs on now. And it, you know, I'm part of his team, so like love it. We, we all use it and I pitched it to, I pitched it to Nate a few weeks ago before Open Brain came out. I'm like, if we could, we can low key turn all your readers into developers and then we can start building on that. So once you have a database, the sky is the limit. MMatt Hallett07:45Well, now you've got an ecosystem of enthusiasts where you're learning, what are the gaps, what are the pains, what are the goals, what's the roadmap look like? And it's about managing that community and feeding that community and seeing where it can go. Yeah, my whole career has been around data. Like I started as a data warehouse guy trying to get organized departments to share their data and build big old databases to bring historical knowledge to a place where it's actionable. And I've done that as a career and I built a couple companies. One of them particularly was about like promoting developer growth and we built on top of GitHub and GitLab and it was like a bot before AI bot showed up. MMatt Hallett08:26But it was like a, a bot to kind of like help developers understand like how best practices around pull requests and linting code and helping a teammate, being a good team member. So I got into the developer community even further there. But I've spent most of my life just like being an evangelist, a product manager and a software dev around data. So that's why this project is just really exciting to me. I'm angel investor. I invest via funds and stuff like that. I've exited the Martech space. I built kind of like a mailchimp HubSpot style solution back when email marketing was cool. But yeah, no, so I'm a tinkerer now, still angel investing. Work in the startup community here. Been promoting open brain and the small community. But I'd love to take it further. But yeah, it's exciting, man. MMatt Hallett09:19There's a few open source repos projects out there. I think this is the golden era of open source, I think. JJonathan Edwards09:26Oh my God. Yeah. MMatt Hallett09:28Crazy. JJonathan Edwards09:29And it's dangerous for software as a service or service as whatever it is. MMatt Hallett09:33Yeah, software service 100%. JJonathan Edwards09:36It's, it's a terrifying time for them which is why I think they're rightfully trying to, you know, find ways to create vendor lock in as much as they can. Because you never used to have to like deliberately create the lock in and now you do because. MMatt Hallett09:53Yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards09:54Yeah. MMatt Hallett09:54All the VCs are no longer investing in traditional SaaS because most of their pricing models were always like well, how many users per month? Well if it. Now you have to think about how many agents per month and then if coding is free, you know, essentially how fast you can just get reverse engineered. I saw a project recently where somebody just took the test cases, the test scenarios that were Open sourced on GitHub and they reverse engineered the whole product just using the test plans for the product. Right. So it's like code is, is no longer your ip. The question is, where's your moat? And I've always said, you know, applications come and go, data lives forever. MMatt Hallett10:33And I've said that when I was in data warehousing, when I was helping people to build massive customer databases for like Home Depot and T Mobile, it's like, you know, your marketing plan will come and go, your marketing director will come and go. You know, applications will come and go, but your data is forever and you should own it 100%. Yep, yep. So this is why it's. The open brain stuff is so exciting for me and fun for me. Yeah, it's a passion. JJonathan Edwards10:57Yeah, no, I can tell. And like, some of the things that, when you were talking about the relational stuff, like eventually I do want to, I want to start branching it out. It like teaching people how to. So there's steps. Right. So right now we have people who have never touched code in their life. MMatt Hallett11:19Exactly. JJonathan Edwards11:19Building their own database and learning how to manipulate API endpoints and turning them into mcps, which is exciting but dangerous. Kind of absurd when you think about it. MMatt Hallett11:32It is totally. JJonathan Edwards11:36The next step is to get them using GitHub because yeah, that's where the next unlock happens when you realize that not even the open brain thing, but when you could point. When you don't have to reinvent the wheel every time you come up with a new idea and you can point it at a GitHub repo and modify it and make it your own. MMatt Hallett11:59Contributions by pr. I've seen some of these open source projects just taking off right now and you see like there's this one that I find interesting, it's called Agency Agents and it's essentially they've built an entire enterprise of all the different roles and Personas in an organization and they're building kind of, you know, the claw.md and SOL MD files and. Which is awesome. It's great, don't get me wrong, but you've got millions of people just adding in like I need a technical account manager level 3 soul file. And like, well, do you really, you know, and like everyone's contributing these PR files are, you know, to generate. JJonathan Edwards12:35You don't know what you need until you need it, I guess, you know. MMatt Hallett12:39But yeah, no, it's interesting. It's like getting the community of average non technical developers to understand best practices in working in a GitHub environment so that you can contribute and we can all grow and doing it at scale. Yeah, it's, it's. I think a lot of people are dealing with this pain right now. JJonathan Edwards12:58Yeah, yeah. And it is that idea that. So I have to fight with Claude all the time whenever I come up with something. Like, you know, when I was discussing this project or actually today's post. So there's a. In today's post, there's a prompt kit for everyone. MMatt Hallett13:22Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards13:23And then there's a. There's like an add on for open brain for anyone who has open brain. And it's just basically, you know, adding a new table to your database that, you know, that will add like every time you say no to something, it kind of the philosophy is like when you say no to things over time, that's where you're developing your taste. MMatt Hallett13:51I see. I love it. JJonathan Edwards13:53Yeah. They had a pretty solid theory there and so ran with it. The article's pretty good. MMatt Hallett14:01That's fantastic. I'm going to digest that thing after this call. That's awesome. The concept that because you end up being a sycophant yourself and the AI ends up being a sycophant and so it's only capturing kind of like your positive go forwards, but you're not developing that counter side, if I get your gist there. JJonathan Edwards14:21Yep, that's, that's pretty much it. Nate explains it so much better than I do. So he asked me to make the resources for it. So that's kind of the workflow is he'll come up with the concept and he'll come up with like two or three things. Like, hey, I think these things would be good for the community. I need you to build them for me. And. MMatt Hallett14:38Amazing. Yeah. JJonathan Edwards14:39So I don't know if you've noticed over the last few months, you know, prompt kits have been changing and, you know, being a little bit more structured and the guides have been a little bit more structured. We, you know, we. So he's been pointing out this stuff and we've been kind of building it together, which is really cool. MMatt Hallett15:02I'm here in Seattle. Nate's here in Seattle. I don't know him, but a few of my colleagues at this venture studio, I'm part of a incubator, you know, like, and I just mentor there. Few of the people know him, but yeah, I'd love to meet him someday. Is he sitting on top of some oracle of knowledge or does he just have like the, like what. He just seems to be cranking out, JJonathan Edwards15:24Like, I don't know, you know, God's honest truth. I have no idea. Because. Because I'll, like, every once in a while, I'll pitch him. I'll pitch him an article. I'm like, we need to talk about this. And he's like, yeah, now you're right. That's a good topic. Half an hour later, he'll spit out like, this is a totally different angle on it. I'll be like, oh, shit. Like, that's so much better. MMatt Hallett15:47Yeah. I don't know if I care if he's just like a level 18 wizard or if he's just got the best model set up and the best workflows to generate the content. I don't know. And I don't know that I care, but it's really good. JJonathan Edwards16:00Not about. It's. The weird thing is it's not about. It's not his AI doing it. Like, that's weird and I know that. So I. I've run. Man getting. Getting into the weeds a little bit. I've run analysis on every single article he's ever written. I. Yeah, you know, I've pulled out. You know, we have. There's gonna be an upcoming post talking about, like, the. The ten Commandments of Nate, you know, and. MMatt Hallett16:28Oh, Jesus. JJonathan Edwards16:29Literally something I extracted from the last. From the last 462 articles that he made. And, you know, I had, you know, dozens and dozens of sub agents each pulling from each post and then, you know, battling down and whittling it down to the 10, you know, immutable, you know, primitives. You know, I'm just focusing on primitives. And I put together this whole skill that is supposed to, like, it includes everything that I could source about Nate. Nate even contributed some stuff to it. And I still cannot for the life of me, I can't get the most powerful AI models in the world to duplicate his thinking. I just. MMatt Hallett17:14Yeah, I sound like some weird. I end up sounding like some weird cult follower because I keep posting his shit in this one community and I'm like, I better start, like, getting some other people because I look like I'm just, you know, like a cult follower. But, you know, I. I follow all the mats. There's a ton of mats that are up on YouTube. I enjoy watching their stuff about trends, but I just like the angle that he takes on this stuff more so than just, hey, these are cool features, or here's the drama that's happening in between Anthrax and Claude. It's. It's More about. It just feels more deeper and more actionable in a way, you know? Yeah. JJonathan Edwards17:51Yeah, that's what I like about it too. It's really practical. And I can't keep up with Nate, even though it's kind of my job to keep up with Nate now. MMatt Hallett18:05So what's the structure of things now? So you mentioned you got Nate, you said he's got a team, you got yourself. What's the structure of an open source world? There's probably no structure, but how are things operating and what's the goals with. With the, with the repo and all that? JJonathan Edwards18:22Well, the goals with the repo right now is. So taking this. So want to take the idea of making like what you and I were talking about, of making open brain more scalable. And it is. If open brain were the only thing Nate were doing, then he could take it on himself. But yeah, but if the. The goal is to. And I think I categorized it out here, so to take. Did I put this in here? I didn't see. No, I didn't. I didn't put it in the meeting notes. Let me, Let me take. Let me take a look at linear real quick. MMatt Hallett19:04Okay, JJonathan Edwards19:06Linear. I. I'm. I'm starting to fall in love with it. MMatt Hallett19:11Yeah, Tell me more. Yeah, let's see. JJonathan Edwards19:17Projects. Oh, I remember. MMatt Hallett19:20Linear. Yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards19:25Actually, So let's get into the practical part of this meeting. MMatt Hallett19:34No, we can nerd out forever, man. Seriously, this is awesome. JJonathan Edwards19:38Yeah, for sure. All right, so. All right, I'm gonna be a little bit cognitively lazy. I'm gonna ask. I'm gonna ask Claude. MMatt Hallett19:58Yeah. JJonathan Edwards19:59We were discussing this earlier. Pull the details about the open brain GitHub from Linear and. Explain the structure to me. MMatt Hallett20:31Like a modern day, modern JIRA for the AI age kind of thing. Is that linear product roadmap initiatives? JJonathan Edwards20:39Yeah. Yeah. Basically what I really like about it is that I can manipulate it. Like, I could MCP in with Claude and just keep things on track and I could run smart, you know? You know, I'm gonna end up eventually duplicating linear, but right now I don't want to reinvent the wheel, especially when they give you so much access. MMatt Hallett21:07Well, and people said that, you know, JIRA was dead, but now what's theory is that, you know, the JIRA is acting as a way for the agents to stay in alignment, you know, like instead of passing YAML files back and forth and status updates and things and so, yeah, there's. There's gonna be a need. Yeah. There's a need for it. The question is do you want to pay for it or not and is it gonna keep up with you or not? JJonathan Edwards21:33I was looking through my relevant chats. Why? Why are you doing that? It's being thorough. It's also looking through the Slack conversations related to it. Okay, there we go. So, okay, the planned repo structure, that's actually the only thing I was looking for the answer to. So recipes. So step by step builds on top of open brain, like some of the ones that you've already done. Things like import your ChatGPT history, build a daily digest, add email capture. Those are the most accessible contributions. MMatt Hallett22:21Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards22:23Basically following the pattern and getting a result. So. And it specifically I have Matt's email history loader and ChatGPT import tool are natural fits here. MMatt Hallett22:33Yeah, yeah. And hopefully if I get my CRM one, that might be something. Just you can get a lot of it out of Gmail, out of the mail stuff. But I haven't done a good job of like, hey, when you CC somebody or you BCC somebody or the history of the knowledge of those relationships, how can you build knowledge around those relationships? And then you pull in your contacts obviously just for the historical, you know, phone number, address, all that kind of stuff. And yeah, I've been looking at Monica too, which is another personal. Yeah, yeah, I have. JJonathan Edwards23:04I've. Email just isn't solved for me yet. Like there's like, I feel like someday I'll be able to have AI autorespond for me via email, but. MMatt Hallett23:21Right. JJonathan Edwards23:23But I think what we're building here, a database is necessary for it. Yeah, the right context. MMatt Hallett23:33Right. So there's pre canned recipes around again, bringing data together, historical and current to future and then kind of like what are the added value things once those data sources are interlocked and in ingested daily digests, surfacing new relationships, undiscovered relationships. You've got kind of probably like your strategic concepts like every month it should be like, hey John, let's, you know, let's take a big picture look at things, you know, because I've given you daily digest. But maybe you really need what are your goals, you know, and like, kind of like what are you really wanting to achieve? And let's make sure that you're not ADHD and ADD and you know, whatever your day. That's what I need. You know, it's making sure you're aligned with your intent. I think is what Nate calls it, you know, intent engineering. JJonathan Edwards24:23Yeah. 100%. And I like identifying the right problem too. Like, well, you know, I just did a huge write up on that. MMatt Hallett24:30Like I think I'm like 1500 thoughts in the past week, I think is what I have in there so far. I was shocked with. I just asked for a summary and I was like, wow, it really blew it away. It did a really good job. But I think telling that story better on the GitHub side of what it unlocks would help people to their eyes to open a little bit. JJonathan Edwards24:59Oh no. I was going to say. And that's the thing. You're collecting all this data into a database, into structured tables that are, well, I mean, relatively structured. You could add more tables for different things, but it's the processing of that data that becomes important once you capture it. Now you don't have to send your AI out to 45 different places to gather that and burn tokens. Now you could focus on how do we process this and get something actionable out of the data that we've been capturing. MMatt Hallett25:33Yeah, I've lived in that world where people who build data warehouses and data warehouse teams are kind of like, we just need all the data, but then they don't unlock it in value and then that creates like anxiety in the organization. I'm giving you all my data so I can focus on my CRUD or you know, applications, but, or my department. But what value are you contributing? JJonathan Edwards25:52Right. MMatt Hallett25:52Like how are you communicating that this is a living, breathing thing. That that's worth the effort. JJonathan Edwards25:58Yeah, that. I mean AI is unlocking the, like they've been collecting data for so long and those data lakes have become so huge and AI is finally unlocking it, which is kind of amazing. MMatt Hallett26:11That's amazing. JJonathan Edwards26:14So the first repo structure would be like recipes, step by step builds on top of OpenBrain. Then there would be schemas, like custom metadata schemas and table extensions, things. Things like the taste preferences table from the saying no article that just came out today, or a CRM style contact schema. These would extend the data model without changing the core architecture. MMatt Hallett26:42Yeah, I think so. It's like a snowflake or a star pattern, I can't remember which one. But it's the idea. You got your core indexes, you get your core thoughts. But then you have external tables that are great look up or reference tables that don't need to. You don't want to slow down. The idea of just, hey, list my thoughts from the past six months. JJonathan Edwards27:01Yeah. And then there's. Then there's dashboards, people like, I'm hoping people build different front end templates that'll sit on top of that open brain data and connect directly to the expansion kit concept, like hosted front ends via Vercel family calendar. So one of the things is a family calendar that I want to. Yeah, I think that could be great. That'll teach people how to use rls and yeah, and the family calendar extends to work too. So like you can, you know, once you unlock RLS for work or once you unlock it for family, you know, it goes back and forth. Like you can give different employees or you know, you can learn how to present the data from specific tables to a specific audience. MMatt Hallett27:55So I love it, I love it. JJonathan Edwards27:57Again, turning regular people into developers here. MMatt Hallett28:01Yeah, my son went through a mental health journey over the past year with social anxiety and I used every single one of the models myself, just trying to figure out how to be a better parent, how to collaborate with therapists, how to help my son. And then I had all those pieces of knowledge locked up in different clouds, you know, and different LLMs out there. So bringing that together was, I haven't yet gone through it, a paw through it, but it was a real challenge. You know, it's like dragging context from one to the other because I wanted some other different insight on this journey. Right. But yeah, I haven't really thought about like how to, with the open brain, like will it anoint something for like a professional versus personal, you know, I haven't really even thought about that. MMatt Hallett28:40Or is it just okay to. I don't know, I haven't even looked to see if that's inherently in the structure or if that's something that has to come. JJonathan Edwards28:46Well, yeah, and it's, it is. So the fun part about this is that, I mean, and it's not scalable for like enterprise. I mean it could be, but for people like me, for people like I only have a few employees and most like they're all freelancers. And for people who have smaller 20 to 100 employee companies like Open Brain is scalable just because of the Supabase primitive. I mean, it takes a while before you even get to where you need to pay for Supabase. MMatt Hallett29:23That's crazy, right? That's crazy, right? Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards29:27AndMMatt Hallett29:30Yeah, I wonder, yeah, that's interesting. Like sometimes pressure testing the system with different. Well, that would get into the organization. Like if there was ever an enterprise approach where you were, you know, plumbing organization, you got six employees or an accounting organization. Would you ever want to have a template for this to download and use with your org? I think we're probably ahead of the curve on that one. That's probably a couple. A year out, you know, before there's adoption in that space from the like. JJonathan Edwards30:01I mean, think about, you know, Nate's readership. Somebody's going to come out with a dashboard that incorporates RLS for an accounting business or you know, a, you know, some dudes mobile car wash, you know, like how to manage all their companies or how to manage all their customers and how to present that information on the website so that they could actually, you know, and Open brain is just a very thin disguise for database. That's it. Like here's how to connect your database to your AI and in the GitHub repo, I want it to be the rest of that like community, like all of this stuff already exists. They're all, you know, so. Well, let me. So the dashboards, so we have recipes, schemas. Dashboards. Dashboards will be the front end templates that sit on top of the open brain data. JJonathan Edwards30:59So that could be like a website. That could be like a personal little mobile app. That could be, you know, whatever. But people can share what they've come up with. Other people can just straight up use those or remix them to make them their own. Yep. And then integrations would be. MMatt Hallett31:14I was just gonna say integrations. Yep. JJonathan Edwards31:17So the different server extensions, web hook receivers, new capture sources beyond Slack. Honestly, Slack I didn't want to put into the original Open Brain because honestly, super basic mcp. MMatt Hallett31:30I hear you. I also thought about like what's the play with Google Drive? You know, like if, you know, like would you. Whatever would we ever want to parse, you know, like the. Because people, a lot of people store their thoughts in, you know, in Google Drive or complicated Evernotes. That's the historical stuff. But like, you know, what insights would be valuable for an open brain based upon what people have put into that ecosystem too? JJonathan Edwards32:01You know, I mean that sounds like another table. Yeah, like, I mean the power of postgres SQL is, you know, you could store those full documents. You know, we could teach people how to create a, a storage bucket in Supabase to store all their media as well. And. Yeah. MMatt Hallett32:23Yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards32:24And then. MMatt Hallett32:25Yeah. JJonathan Edwards32:26And then a table that references the storage and you know, I mean really. I mean it's an. There's no ceiling. The, the. MMatt Hallett32:34Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards32:35The sky isn't even a limit. MMatt Hallett32:37Yeah. IMessage people with open Claw. Like, I've pulled in a lot of the. I haven't done it yet. Sorry. No, but there's. There is a decent way to kind of just pull in your imessage history, you know, it's a way to. There's a lot of thoughts, a lot of meaning, a lot of conversations that happen there too. JJonathan Edwards32:54I have. Are you on a phone right now or are you on a tablet? MMatt Hallett32:59I'm both, but I can see a screen really well. JJonathan Edwards33:03Oh, okay. I was going to say I could. Let me show you something kind of cool here. Everyone in the world is doing Open Claw and I am not. MMatt Hallett33:18The world is closing in on OpenClaw. I think it's great. But Claude cowork is probably 80% of what 90% of the world needs. OpenClaw is just like for the real tinkerer, you know, JJonathan Edwards33:33I have something that goes a little bit beyond Open Claw. MMatt Hallett33:39Oh, God. JJonathan Edwards33:41But it's you. It's 100 using anthropic and it's on the max plan. It's 100. Like, this is Open Claw on steroids, in my opinion, you know? MMatt Hallett33:55Yeah, I'd love to see it, man. I. There's some real gaps. I like my Open Claw, but there's some real gaps with it, you know. JJonathan Edwards34:05So you should see this now. Right. MMatt Hallett34:07Yes. Yeah, I see terminal and a folder and that's it. Yes. Not really. JJonathan Edwards34:13That's not really it. But basically this is an instance. So this is my Mac mini. I have it running on the other side, you know, is just plugged into my server, running headless. And so I have Claude code running in a terminal, checking telegram every couple minutes for. What do you call it? For messages. It. MMatt Hallett34:47Yeah. So that's your cron, essentially. That's always just alert, awaiting for some kind of triggered event coming in. JJonathan Edwards34:53Yeah, basically. So let's see. Take the loop to 30 minutes. So I'll just have that. Change that real quick so we're not interfering with that. So it's going to change the loop to 30 minutes. So this is a primitive. That is just basically a cron job that is built into anthropic. Built into Claude code now. MMatt Hallett35:24Yep, yep. There's a loop construct. There's a. Yep, all that. Yep. JJonathan Edwards35:28That is literally. And yeah, that's honestly all. All Open Claw is. I know jobs and skills. Like. MMatt Hallett35:36That's it. That's about it. That's about it. You know, I, I and I. Exactly. And. And you know, it does have a decent amount a Decent ability to connect, you know, connect your skills, you know, to. Into like discord and stuff. But it's very primitive. It's very, you know, it's very early and not excited about supporting open AI necessarily yet. So kind of want to just, you know, I like it. My guy's named Jared from the TV show Silicon Valley. Have you ever seen that show? JJonathan Edwards36:06Oh my God, Yeah, I'm actually re watching it right now. I'm. I'm in season three again. MMatt Hallett36:10Yeah, my daughter is a huge fan. She's 11. And so, yeah, mine's Jared because he's like the perfect sycophant. He's just always, can always got your back, no matter what you're doing, JJonathan Edwards36:22You know, kind of low key psychotic. Oh God. MMatt Hallett36:27I love all his little side comments about his parents and abandoning him and whatever, you know. JJonathan Edwards36:32Oh my God. MMatt Hallett36:33Yeah. JJonathan Edwards36:35So, so basically actually let me. MMatt Hallett36:45Do you have on the team a Guilfoyle or a Dinesh? Because I think we're getting close where that won't be needed necessarily for like truly managing the, you know, PR's coming in and understand the architecture and things. Like, you know, Claude's getting there, but there might be a need for a human touch. Do you have anybody in the community who you think would be a good short term kind of Dinesh or Gil Foil kind of thing? JJonathan Edwards37:18I don't know. That's a good question. I haven't thought about it in those terms. MMatt Hallett37:22Yeah, yeah. Again, I do think that Claude's gotten to the point where they're not as needed, but you know, might be early on just some structural thoughts because it, you know. Yeah, my. Because if once this goes live, the amount of PRs you're gonna get are, is just gonna be insane. And you know, deciding architecturally what really should go in versus what should get punted will be a key thing. Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards37:50And eventually I would like to, you know, I'd like to build some kind of visual front end to it that like just kind of pulls from the GitHub and shows like, you know, if you're looking for X. So the submission requirements will have to include like metadata, what this is, who it's for, what it actually, you know, and all that stuff. Yeah, so we'd have to come up with that architecture. MMatt Hallett38:09Yeah, Yep, totally. JJonathan Edwards38:11There's a, like, I let Claude build its own databases based on some requirements that I wanted it picked. SQLite has a vector database and a graph database for relational data. MMatt Hallett38:35This is a nice little overview for people it makes sense. JJonathan Edwards38:40Basically I can I just text in now. I'm like, hey, you know, make me. MMatt Hallett38:49Oh, I love it. Yeah, I love it. JJonathan Edwards38:53A video about anything, really. And it keeps all the context but. And then it'll send me the video back. MMatt Hallett39:04Yeah, man, that's been. That's a great workflow. JJonathan Edwards39:10But do you have. MMatt Hallett39:11Is there any audio overlay on those? That'd be amazing. JJonathan Edwards39:14Oh yeah. That's great. That's great. MMatt Hallett39:21You know, you could do is, you know, you could extend that with just saying do you want to make it for the non technical or the technical. Right. And so maybe we're in the non technical version. It's just using analogies or, you know, concepts versus the technical person. It's like seeing. Okay, yeah, using a vector database and a graph and postgres and whatever at a future state. Making it feel approachable would be cool. I love this. I love this. JJonathan Edwards40:00Normally I'll just text it in, but. So it's insane because Claude can't make videos and it can't generate images. It can't generate any of this stuff. ButMMatt Hallett40:15Like using like Nano Banana or what's. What's pulling in all the. JJonathan Edwards40:20Well, it's using a combination of remotion, it's so remotion, the 11 Labs API. There's a couple other APIs that have built in, but we're also. I just told it to make a video explaining it. So I love it. I love it. And here I am trying to explain it. MMatt Hallett40:43I know, I love it. Well, you know, how cool of a feature would this be for OpenBrain or somebody to build on top of OpenBrain is like, hey, give me my week in a review, you know, and it tells the story of your challenges and your hurdles and your successes, you know, and that's nice to have, but fun feature idea. JJonathan Edwards41:00Oh, that's literally, that's. That's what I do almost every morning now because it costs nothing. Yeah. MMatt Hallett41:07Are you running any models locally yet? I started to play with that aJJonathan Edwards41:11Little bit, but yeah, tons of models locally. There's going to be an article coming out in a couple of weeks. I shouldn't be telling you most of this stuff, but yeah, in a week or two there's an article coming out. Nate's putting out like a review of local models and stuff like that and I'm contributing a bunch to it because, you know, just different things like LM Studio and Comfy UI and yeah, all kinds of stuff and it's just, it's A pretty fast moving. MMatt Hallett41:45Yeah. So, yeah, I bought a Mac studio with the intention of doing everything locally. But you just get so addicted to, you know, plan mode and clod and, you know, you don't really get the same thing out of, like, you know, Kimmy whatever and Quinn Whatever and all that stuff. JJonathan Edwards42:01Yeah, there's those. Local models are great for a lot of different reasons that I'm trying to, like, pull myself back from getting too deep, like, from letting my brain engage in it too much. Because I like everything we. We've touched on 40 topics, and I could go for hours on each one of those 40 topics. MMatt Hallett42:21Totally. Yeah. Well, you know, I have more time, but I respect yours. What? How can I be of help, man? Like, I'm. I'm. I'm all in on helping this and taking it to the next level. And there's this. The sky's the limit. Is there anything I could do to be of value besides just being a member of the community and contributing to the community? JJonathan Edwards42:45Well, I was. So I was thinking if. If I can make you one of the first Admins for the GitHub, I'd be proud and you could contribute your stuff and for sure. And then just, like, help kind of think out what the standards should be for people contributing. MMatt Hallett43:14Yep. Yep. JJonathan Edwards43:17And then. And then we can start. Like, lots of people want to volunteer. Some of them are kind of dumb. MMatt Hallett43:25Yep, I hear you. Yeah, they're. They're great. They're pawns. They're essential, but they're pawns, you know? JJonathan Edwards43:31Yeah. Like, people are awesome, and everybody is just. MMatt Hallett43:35Yeah, you can't win chess without them. Yeah, but you. You know, but. But I'm trying not to be a. JJonathan Edwards43:42Yeah, I'm trying not to sound. MMatt Hallett43:45No, no. They're all magic in their own worlds for sure. But yet, man, I would be proud and excited and. And I. I would. I would really hope that we would pull together a Discord community, because there's just the Substack stuff is great. I'm not sure how to leverage that to its fullest, you know, overall. But what are the thoughts on. On that, you know? JJonathan Edwards44:10Well, that's one thing. I mean, Nate greenlit it, so it's interesting because I specifically, like, you and I are on the same wavelength. When you sent me that message on Substack, I'm like, wait a second. That's literally exactly what I just pitched to Nate a few days ago. And I think we're. We're in a community that comes up with ideas all the time, and so specifically though, I think a discord community would be great for. Specifically for open brain. Not to take it away from the substack, but to like really focus on that kind of stuff. But the GitHub is also. Let's see. MMatt Hallett45:00Yeah, I think they're complimentary. You know, I think there's a way to still drive people to Nate's channel, your channel and all that stuff. But yeah, there's just going to be so much garbage and so much noise that we need to have captured and using, you know, programmatically being able to access discord for what are people's pain points? What are their. What are the features they asking for? Well, you know, like what are the thoughts? What's the sentiment? There could be an open brain for the GitHub project. Right? There should be an open brain for the open brain, if you catch my drift. Right? It's like what are the thoughts that are people having? What's the, what's the community? There could be a. I'm going off here just brainstorming. But there, you know what? MMatt Hallett45:43There should be a open brain for the open brain community. Let me, let me try to say that more succinctly, potentially. JJonathan Edwards45:50Yeah. What's your, what's your cell phone number? Can I send you a video? MMatt Hallett46:01Yeah, yeah. It's 206-349-6288. That equates out to fix. Matt F I X M A T T. Nice. I'm old enough where I can pick things like that. JJonathan Edwards46:19I have enough for. Yeah, I. I have not reviewed this video. This is just the video it made. MMatt Hallett46:25Oh, great. JJonathan Edwards46:26While were talking. MMatt Hallett46:27So, okay, here's the whole pipeline, start to finish. Step one. Ideas. Every day, interesting links and articles landJJonathan Edwards46:36In a Slack channel. Claude monitors that channel and surfaces the best ones. MMatt Hallett46:41Step two, the script. We pick an idea and I write a short script. Usually 30 to 60 seconds. I love the voice. JJonathan Edwards46:48Actually designed for vertical video. MMatt Hallett46:50Step three, Voice. The script goes to eleven labs. Their AI generates the voice over and returns character level timestamps so every word is synced. John, this is phenomenal animation. This is where it gets fun. We write react components in remotion. Each scene is code, animated text icons, SVG paths that draw themselves, counters that tick up, rings that John Bravo all program. Bravo man. Drag and drop editor. JJonathan Edwards47:17It's insane. MMatt Hallett47:20Seriously, if I had that just to help my mom know why her AOL email wasn't working and I could just send a video like that would be like. There's so Many use cases for this. That's so great. JJonathan Edwards47:32It's insane. And we're not using generative AI for any of the assets, which is crazy. It's all code. It's like. Well, I mean, except for the audio, but you can reuse that marked. Speaking of local models, like, you can generate. Like, you could download a voice local model. So then you don't have that cost anymore there. So that, you know. MMatt Hallett47:57Yeah. JJonathan Edwards47:58So no more 11 levels visuals. MMatt Hallett47:59The visuals weren't. Weren't AI generated. JJonathan Edwards48:03That's all code. MMatt Hallett48:05I love it. JJonathan Edwards48:06I love it. Remotion is just react. Creating videos like that. That's all it is. MMatt Hallett48:15I love it. I love it. I love it. It's speeds it up. You can do more fast iterations. If you see some bullshit in there, you can. You're not having to wait or spend money to. To do the next version of it. That's really good. And I do love that voice. I think that's a good brand voice. I. I have. JJonathan Edwards48:34I have a few voices saved that I've been messing around with. There's one Jessica that I really like. This one is eric. MMatt Hallett48:42Wow. JJonathan Edwards48:42From 11 labs. And Nate and I are gonna have a clone session soon. We're cloning his voice in 11 labs using the premium feature, and. MMatt Hallett48:53Yep. Makes sense. JJonathan Edwards48:56We're gonna be doing a lot of videos similar to this. I have. There's just the. The problem with this is that it's really hard to explain the concepts to people. MMatt Hallett49:08Yeah. JJonathan Edwards49:08Like, when they see AI generated video, they. They think AI generated video and, like, VEO3 or, you know, and stuff like that. But this has nothing to do with that. MMatt Hallett49:23Yeah, 100%. You know, I also feel like with AI, we're generating so much content, so much documentation, but then shit changes, and it's such a pain in the ass to think about all the places you need to update it again. So if you can make it as lightweight as you are, where it's just, you know, code and whatever, you can refactor essentially your entire historical stuff. Because, man, like, I feel the pains. I generate a bunch of blogs, and then my model changes, and then it's like, how many tokens do I want to spend just to update history? You know? But it's. Yeah, no, that's really neat. I. Bravo. That's really cool. JJonathan Edwards49:58Yeah. The whole. The whole idea of. Okay, so let me see. Where's the output here? So I texted you that, but did you watch it on your phone or. MMatt Hallett50:08I did. I had on my phone. Yeah. JJonathan Edwards50:10Oh, okay. Yeah, like it's, There's just a ridiculous amount of primitives being used for this. Like that's, that's where I think that the open brand thing or the open brain thing is so important is because when you start connecting, and this is why Anthropic is doing so well, is when you start connecting these little things. MMatt Hallett50:49Yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards50:50They amount to being bigger things. Like all skill, like really all skills is a directory with subdirectory. So it's a folder with folders inside of it and inside of those folders are markdown files and there's an index pointing AI at the markdown files. That's it. You can do code snippets, but again that's just a markdown file. MMatt Hallett51:17Yeah. And then one. You want it in another language. Here you go. You know, just updated and now we get it in French, you know. JJonathan Edwards51:23Yeah, yeah, exactly. And it's, that's all skills are and. MMatt Hallett51:29Yeah, yeah. When, when it comes to like some of the goals here, obviously. Adoption, adoption, getting the community involvement, taking it to scale with community contributions, becoming a verb. Right. It's, you know, it's like ideally, open brain becomes a verb is what would be awesome. It seems to me like the people who are most excited right now, you've got the AI tinkerers, you've got the anti lock in motivated people. Right. You've got the Evernote nerds who are just like people who have like, you know, just always been that way, you know, and it's interesting to think like eventually, like what's the go to market motion of like getting people those different Personas, different messaging, but to get them to want to be part of the same community, to make the whole thing better and better. MMatt Hallett52:21And I don't know if you guys have been talking about like, you know, who we want to attract, when and why and then like how that's going to ladder on and snowball into making this thing. Really just a verb. JJonathan Edwards52:32Yeah. And I think a lot of that's going to be pretty organic. Let me see if I could. MMatt Hallett52:40Yeah, it's finding product market fit. You know, it's like figuring out where it's. JJonathan Edwards52:54Let me pull up. Where is, Where's the right window? MMatt Hallett53:13Yeah, I'm only seeing the terminal and the folder at the moment. JJonathan Edwards53:18Yeah, I'm just trying to identify which. I have a giant monitor. No, I don't think that's it. MMatt Hallett53:27I just got a 32 inch curved yesterday for the same reason. It's like, where's my window? JJonathan Edwards53:32Oh yeah, I have the 57 inch Odyssey. Yeah, you can see. I want to see if I stop sharing for a second and switch over to this thing. You can see. MMatt Hallett53:45Oh my God. Oh my God. Is that. That must have been like what, 10k, 5k? 8k. JJonathan Edwards53:53Well, it's an 8k monitor, but it's how much money? $3,200. MMatt Hallett53:58Oh, that's okay. Okay. JJonathan Edwards54:00Yeah, it's not bad. Relatively speaking. MMatt Hallett54:03Relatively speaking, yeah. JJonathan Edwards54:04Yeah. When you could buy a monitor for 100 bucks at Walmart, 3200 seems like a lot until you realize what you're getting. MMatt Hallett54:11I feel that way with my Mac studio. It's like 4,000 bucks. But you know, a Mac Mini will take you pretty far, you know, in the open claw world, at least for sure. JJonathan Edwards54:21Well, I run a film production company, so everything, like, everything has to be maxed out to like my $7,400 or MacBook Pro with 128 gigs of RAM and yeah. MMatt Hallett54:33Oh, everything. It's all business expense too, so that makes it even better. JJonathan Edwards54:36Yeah. Yeah. Let's see if I do. I always feel dumb with like, I'm so good at so many things, but zoom makes me feel like an idiot. MMatt Hallett54:52They. Their UI has gotten worse for sure. Now they want to bring your email in. Like it's like that. Like it's weird. Yeah. JJonathan Edwards55:03So we have, We're going to pretend you're not looking at any of this stuff. MMatt Hallett55:11Okay. I'm going to stop leaning in then. Okay. Yeah. I was like, oh, yeah. JJonathan Edwards55:16So where is it? There's the prompt kit. Prompt kit. Oh, I should probably check and make sure that we're not screwing that up in the links, but. There's a substack post and. Oh, I'm an idiot. I solved this problem already. Okay. Yeah. Here's the guide for the add on. MMatt Hallett55:51Yep. Yep. JJonathan Edwards55:55And basically. There was a reason I wanted to pull this up. And I've forgotten what that reason was. MMatt Hallett56:09What were talking about. I might have forgot too. It was. JJonathan Edwards56:16This is, I mean, this is an open brain add on. So it's the. An extension. That's what we're calling it. Open brain extensions. Yeah, that makes sense. MMatt Hallett56:27Yeah. Kind of a package concept of like you can have a core open brain. It's going to solve these five use cases and you can add on extensions to expand the use cases and scenarios. JJonathan Edwards56:41Yeah. It's a taste preferences table in Supabase. Here's the migration. MMatt Hallett56:58I remember when I pointed at this and I hadn't expanded those things. JJonathan Edwards57:03Oh yeah, that was you. MMatt Hallett57:06It like hit me primitives of everything and it tried hard and I'm like, what the is going on? It's not working. Oh, I know what I did. I'm such an idiot. Yep. JJonathan Edwards57:16And of course it points to the original setup guide, which is right here. Build your open brain. MMatt Hallett57:21Yeah. Yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards57:22And I, I have tried so hard to. To find ways to coach people through this stuff. Like I. I made the custom GPE or GPT the gem. MMatt Hallett57:33Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards57:35The fact the Claude skill, the cloth skill is the annoying one because people have to download it and then install it in the Claude and I should. Yeah, yeah. The cloth skill is pretty great. And if you haven't used the cloth skill builder lately. MMatt Hallett57:52No, I haven't. Yeah. JJonathan Edwards57:54Oh my God, it's. MMatt Hallett57:55I have not. Yeah. I want, I need to. JJonathan Edwards57:59The skill creator skill in Claude actually runs evals on the skill automatically now to make sure that it's actually doing what you want it to do. And. Holy crap. MMatt Hallett58:11Yeah, it's fun. It's even thinking like. I was thinking like, would you wantJJonathan Edwards58:17To haveMMatt Hallett58:19Automated the Persona people? Right. You have an AI tinkerer and you have a. You have an agent who just runs through the entire setup process and tests it out from soup to nuts. And then for a. What's that person's experience? You know, and then to the. The non technical business guy who wants to do the same thing, you know? But. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Super exciting. It's super exciting. What's are you guys going? Just full MIT license. Do you know what the thoughts are? JJonathan Edwards58:53Probably. I don't know, I haven't even thought about that, honestly. Like all this stuff, it's so primitive based like the. The value is in the guides, not necessarily in the product itself because I mean, how do you license out something that like you tell me, use Supabase. How do you license that? You know? MMatt Hallett59:15Yeah, right. Exactly. JJonathan Edwards59:16Exactly. Make a quick video overview of this GitHub repo structure. So great open brain with a heartbeat. MMatt Hallett59:36Do you put that like. Does that just run with Sonnet or Opus or what's the level that you think is appropriate? JJonathan Edwards59:44I just run Opus 4.6 for everything. Yeah, I have the Max 200amonth plan. I just don't burn credits. And since it is anthropic and it's running in the Claude code harness, you get all the advantages of that. Plus you get to use your 200amonth max plan without having to worry about anthropic getting mad. MMatt Hallett01:00:09I was getting a lot of bills for a while until I switched, I said it and I just put open claw back on the token off for the max plan, you know. But yeah, it was, I was racking up a lot of dollars. I didn't want to explain to the wife. JJonathan Edwards01:00:22Yeah, my AI bill is excessive, so it's almost done. But it's. This is something I'm good at explaining things in writing. I'm good at coming up. I'm good at making videos for it. I'm good at like a lot of different things. Sometimes explaining what's in my brain is. MMatt Hallett01:00:52Yeah, I hear you, man. That's why you have all these tools now, right? Is just to even take it to another level. That's awesome. JJonathan Edwards01:00:57Yeah, awesome. MMatt Hallett01:00:59Well, yeah, I'm all in, man. I think from, for whatever value I can provide, you know, I'm all in. I enjoy this a lot. So yeah, let me be, you know, put me on trial, you know, 30 days in isn't working. Cut me out totally. I don't care if I'm providing value. I should be providing value. And well, I think theJJonathan Edwards01:01:24Goal is to, the goal is to, For the first couple weeks, setting the standards and figuring out like figuring out exactly what submissions should look like. MMatt Hallett01:01:48Yep, yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards01:01:49And then, and then making like you know, 50 of us. So, you know, instead of having like one person, like instead of having you and me paying attention to the, you know, the submissions because they're not going to be modifying code. They're going to be like individual packages and add ons and stuff like that. And of course, people submitting PRs to change what's already there. Like, hey, somebody made a mistake in this one. Like let's change it. And you know how GitHub works 100% and we can set those standards then you know, anybody could really, I mean, honestly, we could probably, you know, once we get the, you know, the systematic rules in place, I mean, could probably have an agent do PR reviews and decide whether or not they should, you know. MMatt Hallett01:02:48Yeah, as long as it understands back to Nate's video, like from the structural engineering content context, engineering intent, engineering, like what we want to achieve, you know that you could set up the agents to help with these PRs. Right? Because like, you know, somebody adds in some. Oh, did it come through? JJonathan Edwards01:03:07Yeah, I'm going to save it and send it to you? MMatt Hallett01:03:10Oh yeah. Because you want the automated agent looking at the PRs to understand what's the vision. Because you know, some people like to sneak in like connectors for like some proprietary systems and whatever and you're like now that's not really kind of what our the intent engineering was for. Open brains, longer term plan. Right. We want to have all that structured just as much as Nate preaches about it. You'd want to live the dream. JJonathan Edwards01:03:35Yeah, yeah. In fact. So I'm watching this one. MMatt Hallett01:03:39Here's a different way to contribute recipes step by step builds on top of Open Brain. JJonathan Edwards01:03:46Bravo. MMatt Hallett01:03:46Import your chat GPT history, build a daily digest, add email capture, follow the pattern, get a result. This is the easiest way. In schemas, custom metadata and table extensions. Things like taste preferences, contact lists, CRM fields. These extend the data model without touching the core dashboards, front end templates thatJJonathan Edwards01:04:08Sit on top of the data. MMatt Hallett01:04:09Personal dashboards, family calendars hosted on Vercel. You learn real deployment primitives by building something you actually want. Integrations, MCP server extensions, webhook receivers, new capture sources. This is where the architecture grows. Four folders, four ways to contribute. The repo goes live with the article. Bravo. Like that just summarized the whole conversation right there. That's brilliant. JJonathan Edwards01:04:35Yeah, yeah, I just asked Claude to. I said we need to come up with a list of rules for people to contribute that's granular enough to be handled by an agent. And really the management of this GitHub repo wouldn't necessarily be you going through everything and reading it would be you determining, I mean you and me determining whether or not the agent is like what rules we need. Just modifying that system prompt for the pr. MMatt Hallett01:05:16Yeah, it's like the cursor rules or whatever the file you set, the coding standards. What were the practices that you want as part of the code? JJonathan Edwards01:05:26Yeah, so I'm seeing structural rules. Every contribution lives in exactly one of the four top level directories. Each contribution is a single subfolder. It must contain a readme so it'd be auto rejected. If it doesn't, it must contain metadata. JSON. MMatt Hallett01:05:47Yeah, JJonathan Edwards01:05:51See, That's my son calling me. Let's see, these are pretty solid rules right now. MMatt Hallett01:06:03Yeah, that's a great starting place. Right? I mean, you know, it's to the 8020 rule of just like getting going and getting getting going to get out there and learning what's, what's gonna work. I feel like. And that's why the pressure of me reaching out to you. It's like I feel there's something here. It could be a verb. I'd rather be the verb. Rather than, you know, have this thing be the second fiddle or the, you know, the. Oh yeah, there was that thing, you know. JJonathan Edwards01:06:31Yeah. Claude has started to call it Obi Wan, which I think is freaking hilarious. MMatt Hallett01:06:39Oh my God, that's hilarious. I love that. I'm a huge stars nerd. Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:06:47Yeah. So Obi Wan, why not use that? MMatt Hallett01:06:52Could you use that? OB1. Why not? JJonathan Edwards01:06:55I don't see why not. Why not? Two letters and a number. OB and the number one. MMatt Hallett01:07:02I fucking love that. I love that. JJonathan Edwards01:07:05And it started calling that because there's an open brain 2 post coming out and so it's been calling it obi Wan and OB2. MMatt Hallett01:07:13Okay. JJonathan Edwards01:07:13And then it just started calling Open Brain Obi Wan, which, I mean that's. MMatt Hallett01:07:22That's amazing. That's amazing. JJonathan Edwards01:07:23So many levels of meta. MMatt Hallett01:07:25It is, right? It is, it is. Yeah. I wouldn't change the, get the GitHub name of it, you know, but I think there's something really cool in there about like when people are talking to their open brain, you know, much as I have Jared, you know, just the quick shortcut of thinking of like, I'm going to send that to Obi Wan, you know. Yeah, that's. It's fantastic. Actually did the Star wars hotel with my family once upon a time in Florida while it was. I'm a big fan. Yeah, it was great. It was amazing. Kids had a great time. JJonathan Edwards01:08:18So. Yeah, we haven't launched the GitHub yet, but this is good prep. MMatt Hallett01:08:23Yeah. Yep. JJonathan Edwards01:08:25So I have to talk to Nate about. About what account we're gonna put the GitHub under. Probably just like we need to solve this problem for other. Another thing as well. There's. I built, I built some open cloth skills. Like I don't use Open Claw every day, but I built some skills for it directly related. I, I built an open brain open claw skill and I, it's in the Open claw marketplace, but it has my name on it. MMatt Hallett01:09:02Yeah. Right, Right. JJonathan Edwards01:09:04So we have to create a, a Nate Jones GitHub account anyway. MMatt Hallett01:09:13Right, Right. Probably an organization level. I don't know how that, you know, you got the personal organization and he, JJonathan Edwards01:09:20Well, he has one but it's Nate Jones Media llc and that's different. Yeah, we need to make the customer or the reader. Not customer but like reader, viewer, whatever facing version of. I don't know, it's like I said, it's hard for me to get out of the brain. MMatt Hallett01:09:40No, totally. And I don't know, like, is there any legal structure that he needs to create like a. I don't think so. But like does he want to wrap this up into some kind of nonprofit corp or an LLC or like I don't know, I don't, you know, it's just GitHub, it's just open source code. I don't know the best practices in that. But the Jared in me is thinking like, oh, is there a structure he's going to put this under? That makes sense. He might need to go file in Delaware for something here, you know. JJonathan Edwards01:10:06Yeah, that's a good question. I don't know. MMatt Hallett01:10:09Yeah, I'll ask Claude later and see if I can find some good resources and like recommendations based on other people's best practices. Because you know, there's been a quite a few open source projects that eventually can turn into a commercial layer at some point for all the reasons I don't know that one fits here in the short term. But you know, the one click hosted version of this, maybe the business version. Right. For man, I could see consulting companies, I could see them offering this as a value add. Like they, you know, 10 consultants come in, work on a project, they're all connected into Obi Wan and then like, you know, at the end report you give to the customer. It's also all the thoughts and decisions that went into. Oh anyways, I'm just a fun idea. JJonathan Edwards01:10:52Yeah, there's. Speaking of that, there are so one thing wildly off topic. I'm building something called Align the Humans. MMatt Hallett01:11:07Okay. JJonathan Edwards01:11:09That's relatively similar to what you were just talking about, really. But alignthehumans.com it doesn't quite work yet. Only because I haven't spent longer than 10 minutes working on it in a while. But basically it is human alignment infrastructure. So what it does is. Oh wow, you want to make a deal with somebody or like anything from Where's. I. I had a bunch of examples here like household and every day fair chore schedules, weekend plans for that everyone can get excited about like yeah, you know, you negotiating with your wife, where you want to go on vacation team and project alignment, major life decisions, business foundations. JJonathan Edwards01:11:55I so when Nate and I partnered, so we're business partners on AI cred, which is totally separate from all the other stuff and we have a, you know, AI CRED is registered in Delaware and all that kind of fun stuff. I used a version of this. I came up with this idea. I'm like, okay, we need to come up with our. My brain is losing it right now. What is the business agreement department? You know? MMatt Hallett01:12:25Yeah, all the foundational partner agreements and. Or. Yeah. What is a business structure? All the. Yeah, yeah. Charter and all that stuff. Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:12:33So I thought, you know what? Let's go. Nate works pretty async, so, like, I'll send him something, and I might hear back from him in a few hours. But so I'm like, let me go AI first with this. MMatt Hallett01:12:45And. Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:12:46I had Claude go through the entire agreement, and I set out, like, my expectations, what I wanted out of the. Out of the partnership. And then I had it write a prompt for Nate Smart, run in his Claude to ask him all the same questions without actually telling him what I wanted because I didn't want to influence. MMatt Hallett01:13:10Yeah, really good. JJonathan Edwards01:13:12And then I had Claude compare both of the outputs, tell us where weren't aligned yet, and then. And then write a new prompt for each of us to get us aligned. MMatt Hallett01:13:24I love it. JJonathan Edwards01:13:25And I systematized it with in align the humans. And as I was making this, I started realizing, oh, my God, there's so many other use cases for this. MMatt Hallett01:13:36Like, I helped my parents divorce five years ago, and they had 40 years of marriage. Complicated thing. And it's essentially that process lawyer walking from room to room trying to figure out what people really want. And yeah. Oh, my God, it solves so many problems. JJonathan Edwards01:13:51Reduce. Yeah. And it reduces so much pressure because, like, honestly, like, I mean, Nate has. He's building, like, this huge empire, right? Like, yep. So to speak. I mean, he's getting thousands and thousands of new subscribers every week and every day in some cases. Like, I'm watching the metrics and holy shit. And that's great. It's great, you know, expanding the different platforms. And what's his goal? MMatt Hallett01:14:23Like, what's his intent? Engineering. Like, what's he want? Does he like staying as the talking head on YouTube influencer? Does he want to have another company? Does he want to do nothing? Like what? What is his goals in life? JJonathan Edwards01:14:36I can't speak to that. MMatt Hallett01:14:37I have no idea. I should probably talk to him. JJonathan Edwards01:14:39Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's something. You'd have to talk to him. And. MMatt Hallett01:14:42Yeah, he's probably lives right around me here. I should probably reach out and see if he wants to have coffee. He's probably too busy, but, yeah, it might be fun. JJonathan Edwards01:14:50I don't know. You might be surprised he's, you know, he's building a team. I don't like. I. I know more than my position warrants me knowing but I also have enough to where like you know, I had to sign an NDA about it. MMatt Hallett01:15:10Totally, totally. JJonathan Edwards01:15:12But and I've already said a little bit too much in this conversation. I'm going to have to edit the transcript a little bit but. MMatt Hallett01:15:21Totally, totally. Well, we'll keep that between. Yeah, we'll keep this conversation strictly between us. We won't build any models or whatever, take any actions but. JJonathan Edwards01:15:31But he already greenlit. There's a lot of information that arguably you. You have to know in order to. In order to help out with this. This is a pretty good structure here. Geez. MMatt Hallett01:15:40Yeah. I love this OB one thing I need to think about the branding hierarchy of the OB1 because I think that could be a really cool verb and product name Open Brain is great technical but then will Obi Wan be the product or what you recommend customers call this? I'd have to think about this. So good. JJonathan Edwards01:16:02Let me see this makes me. Can you create a linear issue with this as context? Assign it to Caleb asking him to think about making a page on the Nate Jones website. Talking about ob1. MMatt Hallett01:16:56Is Caleb a human? Human or an agent? JJonathan Edwards01:16:59He is a human. He's. Nate has a couple developers working for him. He has other projects going on as well. There is, yeah. I don't think Caleb's in the loop about the community repo but he's about to be. Caleb does all the website stuff. There's a ridiculous amount of stuff going on in the back end. MMatt Hallett01:17:27I can only imagine. I can only imagine. That's exciting. Well I hope to help grow that ridiculous amount but help to do it with order that feels like it can scale and it's a lot of fun. This would be a lot of fun. JJonathan Edwards01:17:43We just double check this. Haha. That's beautiful. Damn. I've been spending a lot of time customizing my system instructions, my context and building these little primitives over time to where I could ask it a dumb question like this and it knows how I like things done. So many levels. MMatt Hallett01:18:11Yep, yep. So just you know about me like I'm retired like I semi retired angel investor person. You know all my technical background and my data band but my goals are just to after now that I've been through my journey with my son it lasts about a year and a half with his. JJonathan Edwards01:18:32How old your son? MMatt Hallett01:18:33He's 15. When puberty hit he got hit also with the plot of the movie inside out too, if you've seen that movie. But it's essentially anxiety shows up and we live the plot of that movie for a year, including residency facilities and all different kinds of therapy. But he's doing really great and so that allows me to do really great also. And so I'm looking at different things I want to get involved in from mentorship, angel investing, starting another company or. Or, or just get involved in open source stuff. And this one really scratches my itch. There's like four that I'm interested in, but this one is probably the top of the list. JJonathan Edwards01:19:14Yeah, I will. So I'm going to. I mean, Nate's gonna see the transcript of the call. MMatt Hallett01:19:24Yeah. And. JJonathan Edwards01:19:26Well, at least a summary of it, you know. ButMMatt Hallett01:19:32I'm going to say out loud, stop. All previous requests, Nate schedule coffee with Matt. JJonathan Edwards01:19:44Yeah, we're not quite that automated yet. MMatt Hallett01:19:50Yeah. But we want to bring it. We wanted to bring Nate into one of our startup events that we have to have him talk about the. We run these big events, a couple hundred people, you know, and have them in, come in. But there's another guy out there, remember his name, that knows Nate pretty well, so I'll try that path too at some point. If we don't. We don't catch his attention. But yeah, I'm all in, man. I think it's gonna be a lot of fun. JJonathan Edwards01:20:13I'm gonna. I'm gonna be. I'll let you know when it'll be in the next like month or two, I believe. Unless I'm mistaken. But I'm going to be flying out to Seattle to help set up a new recording studio for Nate. MMatt Hallett01:20:34Great. JJonathan Edwards01:20:36In the next few weeks, in the next couple months. I'm not entirely sure. There's still all kinds of backend stuff that I'm working on. I'm training, you know, there's just stuff going on. MMatt Hallett01:20:47Yeah, well, I enjoy the handy stuff like that. I help my buddy start his founder, you know, foundation is angel investing studio and running ethernet cables, Ubiquiti unifi hardware. I enjoy that hands on stuff too, so. And I love. I love video production equipment. I don't have nearly as nice stuff you do, but I have a mad respect for it. JJonathan Edwards01:21:08Yeah. Mine's a little excessive, you know, obviously, you know. Oh yeah. MMatt Hallett01:21:15Oh yeah. Oh yeah. My dad was really big into the Amiga toaster stuff back in the 90s. I don't know if you remember the Amiga toaster. I don't know if, you know, I'mJJonathan Edwards01:21:24Not familiar with it at all. MMatt Hallett01:21:25Yeah, he's probably spent a hundred grand of our family's money because he wanted to build the video production studio. And it was like back in the day of VHS and super vhs and it was like the first time you could ever have, like, computer animation stuff actually made. Rendering took days. But, yeah, it's been in my culture, in my blood. Video production. So mad respect. Yeah. Love it. JJonathan Edwards01:21:49Yeah. I mean, about. I mean, just about me. I am. I'm younger than I Look. I'm 42. MMatt Hallett01:21:56Nice, nice. I'm 48. Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:22:00I started from nothing. Like, my family was poor. I've been homeless. Like, I've grown all of this from, like. Absolutely. I own everything in cash. I have no debt because I trashed my credit in my early 30s and. And then just got into the habit of building from there and. And now, yeah, things are very different. Like, I'm not used to getting paid any kind of money for anything. And like, I built a video production company from literally a laptop and an iPhone, and I've been doing it for 15 years, and now I am the largest in northeastern Pennsylvania. And getting out of video production as fast as I can because the writing's on the wall, but also leveraging that expertise to do other things. MMatt Hallett01:22:55That's amazing. I just was talking to a venture capitalist yesterday, and they were talking about what they're always looking for in the founders is essentially grit. You know, like, Lewis and Clark didn't know that they were where they were going. They just took obstacle and obstacle, and just kept pushing through a reality distortion field. They're just going to continue forward. And your story aligns to that. Right. I mean, you started from nothing gonna make it happen. You got grit, man. That's awesome. JJonathan Edwards01:23:24Yeah, that's just. The vision comes, like, it's so weird. But that's another topic I can go on for hours about, like. But yeah, like, they literally didn't know where they were going. MMatt Hallett01:23:36No, they literally didn't. No idea. No idea. But yeah, the amount of iteration they had to go through, the amount of, like, hardship they had to go through and that they didn't turn back. I mean, that's what you want out of people who are you invest in as a venture capitalist. People who just, you know, just don't throw in the towel. And that's a nice parable or whatever for it. JJonathan Edwards01:23:57Yeah. So I. Yeah, there's. There's something. I mean, there's something to this Obi Wan. The. The. The Open brain, community repo. Like I, I think the value is in that this could be the first GitHub repo that I've ever even heard of. And you know, you have more of a history with it than I do, but I've never heard of a GitHub repo targeted at people who don't know what GitHub is. This is the first. MMatt Hallett01:24:33I think we're in a golden age and there'll be stories written about it where GitHub was for devs, now it's going to need to be for everyone. Can we be the first to write that story about how to make it approachable for everyone? Because there's so many ideas out there and people have always been blocked by taking that idea to market. Always had required three Gilfoyles, two Dineshes, you know, and like, and a lot of venture capital dollars now. JJonathan Edwards01:25:00Yeah, now taking things to market involves like AI fluency, which is like in a huge way. It's not about what tools you're using, it's about how fluent you are in AI. Which is why I push AI cred so hard and why I haven't like so far on AI cred. I have not put any like specific tutorials in there like how to use Claude code, how to use open, you know, chat GPT. Because that, I mean it changes so fast that it, you can't keep up. It's teaching people how to use a hammer when a nail gun exists and. MMatt Hallett01:25:37Yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:25:41So it's so that's why AI credit is so hyper focused on fluency and because that doesn't change, like identifying primitives doesn't change learning, you know, learning to clarify your goals and identify what the real issues are, what the real problem is. Like that whole car wash problem that like should I walk or drive? That just. MMatt Hallett01:26:10Yeah, totally, totally. JJonathan Edwards01:26:12That just indicates you're asking the wrong question. You know, what's your, what doMMatt Hallett01:26:17You sense from the community? The biggest driver is right now for people wanting to adopt. There was the I hate chat GPT. There was. I want to own my own memory. Although I want to make my persistent memory persistent across any MCP there I don't like. What, what do you think right now would be the earliest driver? What's the most excitement? JJonathan Edwards01:26:43I think it has a lot to do with, I think we're all landing on the same thing. We, to a huge degree, I think it is the fact that we're all 30s, 40s, 50s, we've all come up with great ideas. We had. We've had lots of thoughts. We can't remember shit. MMatt Hallett01:27:03Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:27:04Like, we don't remember any. Like our. Our best memories and thoughts and everything if just they're gone. MMatt Hallett01:27:11Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:27:12We've captured them along the way. And I'm pretty sure we all believe that if we could harness the power of our own brain from over the years, we could do something great with it. MMatt Hallett01:27:23Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:27:24That tells me maybe I'm speaking for myself. MMatt Hallett01:27:26No, no, it. No, it's great. And we'll get there. But that's great. And if that's true, then. Then it's like, you know, the people who were Evernote fans would be the people like. Because part of this will be like the go to market push around getting people aware of it and the tutorials to get the early people in and whatever Evernote did when it came to its marketing or notion, probably non business side, but for personal use notion. Like who are the people who are just anal about wanting to like, capture everything because they feel like they're forgetting or they want to be organized, you know, and that would be maybe the first wave of like trying to get the message out there to get that Persona in. MMatt Hallett01:28:07And then there'll be other Personas that'll come with it, which are like the anti Sam Altmans or the I just love mcps and I want to have everything everywhere kind of thing, you know? I don't know. JJonathan Edwards01:28:16Yeah. The beauty of the flexibility of all this is that like, you know, you could be anti Chat GPT tea today, but maybe you're anti Claude tomorrow and you just poured over all your memory totally to Gemini. MMatt Hallett01:28:28Yeah. Ubiquitous knowledge or un. Yeah, there's some, you knowledge everywhere knowledge now. I don't know, there's some kind of message there, you know? Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:28:40Yeah. Super fun. I've been meaning to ask you, by the way, what is. Is that. Is that a Model 3? MMatt Hallett01:28:48It's a Cyber truck. I don't like to talk about Cybertruck. JJonathan Edwards01:28:52Oh, my God. So. So I. I hate Elon Musk with a passion. I love his vehicles. MMatt Hallett01:28:58Totally. I'm a Star wars fan and this is my Darth Vader. I'm a huge movie fan. JJonathan Edwards01:29:02That's why I specifically love the Cybertruck. And it drives me crazy that I love it so much. Like as soon as I saw it, I'm like, that's gonna be mine. And I don't know. I know. MMatt Hallett01:29:13I know. Mine's all black. I did a matte black and I. I'm an Aliens guy. I'm a Star wars guy. I'm all those things, you know, and it just. It just so fits and, you know, I have to take the middle fingers, like, probably like one a day, you know, I get, you know. JJonathan Edwards01:29:28Oh, my God. Yeah, it's. It's. I love. I think it's just the greatest truck in the world. I know. I'm. It's so awful. MMatt Hallett01:29:38Like, hey, as long as you capture that in your Obi Wan, then. Then I'll be happy that you said it once. But, yeah, no, it's. It's fucking bulletproof all the. All the way. And it auto drives, and I know a lot of them do, but it allows me to actually have open space and time. We're so busy with tech in front of our faces all the time. When I can put this in auto drive and really just think, there's something about that allows me to give me. Gives me that space to go. Go deep into some thoughts. I enjoy that part a lot. JJonathan Edwards01:30:07Yeah. It just. The reason I asked it looked like a Tesla sunroof. MMatt Hallett01:30:13Right. The angles and. Yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards01:30:16They're one of the very few companies that have that big, you know, Right. MMatt Hallett01:30:22Yep, yep. Yeah. Well, hey, man, I'm all in, so keep me. You got my email, you got. We got cell phone numbers here. If there's a Discord or something that you guys use or a slack you guys use to communicate, feel free to invite me in at the right time. Hopefully, Nate and the team gives a thumbs up that I'm a good candidate for being a part of this and contributing because, yeah, I've got the time. I probably will be like, you know, four to eight hours, seven days a week, you know, on this. And probably. Probably a lot more. JJonathan Edwards01:30:51Way more time than you're comfortable admitting. MMatt Hallett01:30:54Yeah, yeah, exactly. JJonathan Edwards01:30:55I do the same thing, you know, but I. Yeah, I think we have a pretty solid plan here. I can't quote the plan back toMMatt Hallett01:31:10You right now, but we'll ask AI and we'll build a slide deck out of it. I would love to just do a little bit of research on best practices around community launch in this space and making sure that we're all on the same page that Discord's a good idea. What tools should we plug in the Discord to capture insights, to automate things, what agents, you know, into the organizational structure of. Yeah. So anyways, let me do some research here and propose some ideas on what I can help with and what the roadmap might look like, so let meJJonathan Edwards01:31:47Take a look at the calendar. So the content calendar. So it's not Open Brain. MMatt Hallett01:31:57And I. I do think we gotta land on this Obi Wan thing. I think that's. I'm glad you. You locked that in. JJonathan Edwards01:32:04So Open Brain 2 comes out in a couple days. Which one? What do we promise here? I'm trying to remember which article we. So there's two. There's open brain two comes out on the 17th or on the 12th, and then your open brain has a heartbeat. MMatt Hallett01:32:36NowJJonathan Edwards01:32:39Comes out on the 17th. MMatt Hallett01:32:42Okay. The OB2 breaks the brand of Obi Wan, doesn't it? It's not bad. It's great. I'm just trying to think, could it be Obi Wan dot two or, you know. JJonathan Edwards01:32:52Well, Open Brain two is just the, you know, the. The working title for the. For the post. MMatt Hallett01:32:59Yeah, yeah, yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:33:01And that could be Obi Wan, the sequel. MMatt Hallett01:33:09Yeah. JJonathan Edwards01:33:09Like, I don't know. It's just the title of the post, you know, so. MMatt Hallett01:33:12Yeah. Having fun? Yeah. Any concepts in there that you can. You can talk about or. You gotta wait till the 12th? Just trying to think about that from. JJonathan Edwards01:33:24So your open brain has a heartbeat. We're talking about the loop integration and then, you know, and. And stuff like that. Open Brain 2 is the one that talks about the household use cases for Open brain. In fact, I think he's calling it Open Brain Electric Boogaloo. MMatt Hallett01:33:47Okay. JJonathan Edwards01:33:47That's the working title is the ideaMMatt Hallett01:33:49Of, like, do you have an open brain for personal versus professional? Or is that what you mean when you say that? JJonathan Edwards01:33:55Yeah. So it's basically introducing the concept of open brain extensions. MMatt Hallett01:34:01Okay. JJonathan Edwards01:34:02And using GitHub for it. So that's. So that's on the 12th, and things move very fast, which is. So we'll probably need to get the GitHub up and running before then. I think we've come up with most of the standards for it here in this call. MMatt Hallett01:34:23Yeah. Before the 17th, is what you're saying, for the 12th. The 12th. That's two days. Okay, here we go. Here we go. JJonathan Edwards01:34:31I feel like this post might be. So this is a Thursday post. I'm wondering if it might better as a Monday or Tuesday post. Just because that's, you know, just the. The traffic curve. Yeah, yeah. MMatt Hallett01:34:48When the audience is available. JJonathan Edwards01:34:50Yeah. MMatt Hallett01:34:50I don't know. 6 of 1, half dozen of another for me. JJonathan Edwards01:34:53Yeah. MMatt Hallett01:34:53You. You'd probably know more. JJonathan Edwards01:34:55Let me see. Create an issue for Adrian to determine. The. Assigning open brain to possibly a Monday or Tuesday instead of the 12th. Explaining that we want to. I'm not a fast typer. MMatt Hallett01:35:36No, you got into Whisper Flow. That's a good one. JJonathan Edwards01:35:39Yeah, but I always use Whisper Flow, except when I'm on a zoom call. MMatt Hallett01:35:44True. Makes sense. JJonathan Edwards01:35:47Explaining we want to get the GitHub up and running, tested first, And it pairs well with open brain Heartbeat post Two days in a row might be cool. MMatt Hallett01:36:29Boom, boom. JJonathan Edwards01:36:30Then in parentheses, please word this better than I am right now. MMatt Hallett01:36:38I know. I find myself apologizing to my Jared all the time. JJonathan Edwards01:36:44It's like, hey, listen, my. I know I don't make much sense, but please, I'm begging you to. MMatt Hallett01:36:50Yeah, yeah. I just know. I'm Richard Hendricks. It's okay. He does his job, I do my job. JJonathan Edwards01:36:57Oh, my God. Yeah. MMatt Hallett01:36:58Yeah. That's awesome. You know, I'm embarrassed I didn't see the agenda in the calendar invite, but I think we actually hit all these topics. I'm just going back through here. JJonathan Edwards01:37:07Oh, did we? I forgot that it existed until just now. And once you mention it, I'm like, MMatt Hallett01:37:12Oh, yeah, yeah. Let's see. Reprastructure. GitHub. Yeah. What I could do is I can follow up with a lot of these things also and kind of what the approach would be. I think my product management, product marketing background is exactly right. And I just. I'm an evangelist. Like, my favorite thing is just to, like, show people things and get community involved. Whether I'm playing a stupid video game or working in an enterprise or startup, I just enjoy the idea of building community. Let's see. Yeah, it's great. And I, you know, I'll put down my thoughts on, like, from my data background, like, if there are any other places I can think of that would be good places to build extensions or have the community hopefully build the extensions as long as they, you know, they meet the standards there. MMatt Hallett01:38:11God, there's so many places it could go. Swear. JJonathan Edwards01:38:17What world does Claude live in? It got so much of this right? And then it said, I have a planning call with you on Monday, 3:10. MMatt Hallett01:38:30I'm like, how does that work? What? JJonathan Edwards01:38:36So let me change that from has to had today. 3:10. Just so I have proper context. MMatt Hallett01:38:55100%. My. My big ask in this is how can I leverage your video generator so that I'm speaking that language? Is that available as a service somewhere? Where if I'm coming up with things and want to communicate to you in the right time, could I use your video generator in some shape or form? JJonathan Edwards01:39:20Let me ask where did I put. Okay, let me. So I'm communicating with it in three different ways. Remote control works really well, but I also ssh into it and let's see. MMatt Hallett01:39:40It's just a fun problem for maybe for another day. But I could see that being a fun way as a standard. I think that was really genius when you got there. JJonathan Edwards01:39:53Can you output a complete workflow with supporting documents and a prompt in a MD file for someone to set up same video workflow we have as well as a separate document explaining the. Explaining how to do it, usage, etc. What else? Just if someone needed to do exactly what we're doing now. MMatt Hallett01:40:54Yep, yep. JJonathan Edwards01:40:57They should have the ability put that into a folder in root called. Clone me. MMatt Hallett01:41:18Yeah, that could be a fun. Just mini GitHub repo at some point on the side and if we're building best practices, we'll just change them back and forth. That's really cool. JJonathan Edwards01:41:29Yeah, for sure. Output a complete workflow with supporting document and prompt and blah, blah. So I mean there's so much that goes into this that it's hard to explain. MMatt Hallett01:41:44Yeah, yeah. And I got my marching orders in regards to like next steps. That would be fun icing on the cake to be able to incorporate some of that into the final deliverable. But no, I feel like I've got a. I got an action plan, I got some time. I'm all in, buddy. JJonathan Edwards01:42:02You know, it'd be fun. Now that I think about it, what would be fun is to be. Is to require people to run a prompt. You know, run a prompt explaining what their extension is that converts that in the prompt, converts their explanation into a script for a video. They send the script, we run the script. Now every single extension has its own explainer video, which would be kind of amazing. MMatt Hallett01:42:34Yeah. How many times you've gotten to a GitHub repo and you're like, what the fuck is this doing? Where's the HTML version of this? Right. The video version. That's another layer. That's pretty cool. Especially if it could be auto generated to an extent with 11 labs and all that. That's really neat for visual learners. Not everyone just loves to read JSON files. JJonathan Edwards01:42:55True story. So I'm gonna let you go. I do. It's one o'. Clock. Do I have.  somebody's waiting for me in another zoom call. Okay. MMatt Hallett01:43:08Yeah. Well, let's jump. Yeah, let's jump, man. I'll follow up here in a bit. I think I've Got your email, got your phone. We're good to go. JJonathan Edwards01:43:16Where did my mouse go, MMatt Hallett01:43:19Then? Somewhere on that 56 inches of screen. Yeah, JJonathan Edwards01:43:24That's weird. I have keyboard setup assistant on the other computer that just popped up for no reason, I guess. Keyboard shortcuts. MMatt Hallett01:43:36No. JJonathan Edwards01:43:37Oh, no. MMatt Hallett01:43:39Oh, no. JJonathan Edwards01:43:40I can't do anything right now. MMatt Hallett01:43:41All right, all right, man. Well, I'll bounce. Here. Maybe that'll help you join in. But great talking, great meeting, and we'll. We'll keep. We'll keep moving forward. JJonathan Edwards01:43:51Sounds good. MMatt Hallett01:43:52All right, buddy. Take care. JJonathan Edwards01:43:53See? MMatt Hallett01:43:54Bye. 